hey what up YouTube how you guys doing
my name is Marissa curse so I'm here on
my homie Zach Miller channel check my
channel out it's down in the description
there please go there comment rate
subscribe it's all appreciated I'd like
to give a big shout-out to Zach Miller
though once again for helping me out
with everything that he does and I also
like to give a shout-out to island snow
my that's my board shop where I pick up
my sneakers from so their description
will be in the link there I would snow
dossier so check them out they got a lot
of cool stuff in the shop so anyways
I'll get into the sneaker here today i
got a blue box cutter picked up 10 and a
half
check that the Huxtable today real cool
shoe I really like this you'll just
start out with toe box is white tumbled
leather along with the side panels in
the back and we've got around the toe
box here and up around the eyelets down
the back panel data side panels around
the back bottom is a kind of a fleecy
material 80 sweater material I would say
so look we got the black laces and I
switched them up to the light I just
really like to look a lot better with
black got the white mesh done with the
black k white nike SB stitched in then
you've got this rainbow kind of nylon
piping going around the tongue the
inside and the backpal are the same kind
of fleece material and then
in soils pretty cool Stan kinda 80
sweater material white laces got a black
midsole blocks to Ching in there then
you got the white dump so really cool
shoot really like a lot pretty happy but
let's pick up I guess I'll show them to
you guys on T so once again please rate
comment subscribe God immerse the curse
once again the link is in the
description and shut up to Zach milla
and I don't know thanks a lot guy you go
guys these review them on feet
real nice shoe once again shut up to
Zach milla and I don't smell Thanks good